AC-1288 (#211)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/user/merchant-portal-user-guides/202108.0/offers/managing-product-offers.md

To create a product offer:

1. Click **+Add Offer**.

> 2. On the _Create Offer_ page, in the list of concrete products, click on the necessary product you want to create an offer for, or hover over the three dots and then click **Create Offer**. The drawer opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the _Create Offer_ page, in the list of concrete products, click on the product you want to create an offer for, or hover over the three dots and then click **Create Offer**. The drawer opens.
```

> 3. In the _Offer status_ pane, select the **Offers is Active** check box to make the product offer visible on the Storefront. Otherwise, skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the _Offer status_ pane, select the **Offers is Active** check box to make the product offer visible on the Storefront. If you don't want the product offer to be displayed on the Storefront, skip this step.
```

> 3. In the _Offer status_ pane, select the **Offers is Active** check box to make the product offer visible on the Storefront. If you don't want the product offer to be displayed on the Storefront, skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optional: In the _Offer status_ pane, select the **Offers is Active** check box to make the product offer visible on the Storefront. 
```

4. In the _Merchant SKU_ pane, enter an SKU.
5. In the _Stores_ pane, from the drop-down list, select stores for which the offer is available.

> 6. In the _Available Stock_ pane, set configure the product offer quantity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the _Available Stock_ pane, set the product offer quantity:
```

    1. In the **QUANTITY** field, enter the quantity of the product currently available in stock.

>     2. (Optional) Select **Always in Stock** to make the product offer always available in terms of stock. Otherwise, when the number of orders exceeds the number of products set in the **QUANTITY** field, the product offer becomes out-of-stock on the Storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Optional: Select **Always in Stock** to make the product offer always available in terms of stock. Otherwise, when the number of orders exceeds the number of products set in the **QUANTITY** field, the product offer becomes out-of-stock on the Storefront.
```

7. In the _Price_ pane, click **+Add** to set the price for your offer per store. The empty fields appear in the table below.
   1. From the **Store** drop-down list, select the store for which the price is created.
   1. From the **Currency** drop-down list, select the currency in which the price is defined.

>    1. In the **NET DEFAULT** field, enter a default net price. Use the period(.) separator for decimal values.

Reviewer: Consider "User the period as a separator for decimal values". No need to indicate in parenthesis the period sign. Also please change in the sentences below.
